[Doc Improvement] Deprecation notice for Teams Together and Scene Studio in Developer portal (#14441)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/apps-in-teams-meetings/teams-together-mode.md

ms.topic: article
ms.localizationpriority: high
ms.owner: kartikd
ms.date: 06/22/2026
---

# Custom Together Mode scenes in Teams

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Custom Together Mode and Scene Studio in the Teams Developer Portal are being deprecated as of June 30, 2026. For more information, see the [announcement](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/blog/microsoft365insiderblog/goodbye-together-mode-hello-simplified-meeting-layouts-in-microsoft-teams/4519312).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Together Mode, including Custom Together Mode and Scene Studio in the Teams Developer Portal, is being deprecated as of June 30, 2026. For more information, see the [announcement](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/blog/microsoft365insiderblog/goodbye-together-mode-hello-simplified-meeting-layouts-in-microsoft-teams/4519312).
```
